Removes broken support e-mail address in the README.md, and improve the support section (#8411)
kivy/kivy: README.md

Support
-------

If you need help, please feel free to seek assistance through our support channels:

> Join the  [Kivy Users Google Group](https://groups.google.com/group/kivy-users).
> Participate in discussions on [Discord](https://chat.kivy.org).

Reviewer: Nice work 👍 , while we are at it, i think its ok if we also add link to our all new [discussion](https://github.com/orgs/kivy/discussions) threads here on GH

```suggestion
- Join the [Kivy Users Google Group](https://groups.google.com/group/kivy-users).
- Ask questions using [discussions](https://github.com/orgs/kivy/discussions/new?category=q-a) on github
- Use support-channels on our official [Discord](https://chat.kivy.org) server.  
```

Author: Sure

Reviewer: @seharbat00l updates on this?

If you need help, please feel free to seek assistance through our support channels:

> Join the [Kivy Users Google Group](https://groups.google.com/group/kivy-users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Join the [Kivy Users Google Group](https://groups.google.com/group/kivy-users).
```
missing bullet point :)
